add baggage propagator to default propagators (#1545)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: README.md

> The propagator controls which distributed tracing header format is used.

Reviewer: also change section title to "Propagators"
```suggestion
The propagators determine which distributed tracing header formats are used, and which baggage propagation header formats are used.
```

> If set to a comma-separated list of the values, the multi-propagator is used. Special case is `baggage` 
> and `jaeger` propagators: they cannot be added to multi-propagator because they may not get a chance 
> to extract any existing Baggage, instead they can be added only to DefaultContextPropagators. 
> The multi-propagator attempts to extract the context from incoming requests using each of the 
> configured propagator formats (in order), stopping after the first successful context extraction. 
> The multi-propagator injects the context into outgoing requests using all the configured propagator 
> formats.

Reviewer: I think this is going to be really confusing for users, suggest we just leave it out, and if anyone asks, refer them to the spec. 

```suggestion
```

| System property  | Environment variable | Description                                                                                                     |
|------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | otel.propagators | OTEL_PROPAGATORS     | Default is `tracecontext,baggage` (W3C). Other supported values are `b3`, `b3single`, `jaeger`, `ottracer`, and `xray`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| otel.propagators | OTEL_PROPAGATORS     | The propagators to be used. Use a comma-separated list for multiple propagators. Supported propagators are `tracecontext`, `baggage`, `b3`, `b3single`, `jaeger`, `ottracer`, and `xray`. Default is `tracecontext,baggage` (W3C). |
```
